Add setup guide to README.md (#5)
momentum-mod/panorama: README.md

## Setup

> The easiest way to develop for Momentum Mod Panorama is to mount this repo somewhere in your `momentum/custom/` folder, for example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to develop for Momentum Mod Panorama is to mount this repository in your `momentum/custom/` folder, for example:
```

```
cd <Your Steam Momentum Mod or Momentum Mod Playtest install location>\momentum\custom\
mkdir PanoramaDev
cd PanoramaDev

> git clone https://github.com/momentum-mod/panorama.git

Reviewer: People can clone but they won't be able to push directly to a clone of this repo. I'd suggest maybe making this step something like

```suggestion
(create a clone of your fork here)
```

The end result should be `custom/PanoramaDev/panorama`, but their repo.

Author: This okay now?
